# NOTES
---
## CSS
- Cascading style sheet
- Types
    - Inline
    - External
    - Internal `<style></style>`
---

## Selectors

- `id` is use to select a particluar element,it's specific.
- `class` is used to select a group of smilar things which I will use to style.
- *element selector* is sued to select a particluar tags/elements. 

> **SHORTCUT:** `!` or `html:5` 

---
## Parent child sibling

- `div` is used to cover. It is a *container*.
- 

---

## Position

- `Releative`: looks like static,we change offest *here,The top,left,bottom,right*.
- `Absolute` : it shows that element  doesn't exist there.We can set offset here too.Removes elemnt from notmal documentatin flow.
    - popped elments are absolute.
- static(default)

- offset

---

> `INSPECT:` Temporary debugging





---

## CSS UNITS

### Absolute units:
- `px` pixels
### Relative units:
- `vh` view height:  it is *1% of viewport height*
- `vw` view width: it is *1% of viewport width*
- `%` percentage
- `em` relative to font size of parent elemnt.

---

## MARGIN AND PADDING(BOX MODEL)
- `margin`:outside the elment space
- `padding`:inside elemnt with border
- `border`:size of border
- `content`:our orginal content
---

## BORDER,OUTLINE

- `border`

---

## FLEX

---

## Bootstarp CSS
- It is a <span style="color:red">CSS framework!!</span>
- **Framework:** It is a predefined set of codes,tools and best practise for 
- **NOTE:** beware of version and learn backwise from current version.
- `CDN`:Content delivery network.
    - A **content delivery network (CDN)** is a group of geographically distributed servers that speed up the delivery of web content by bringing it closer to where users are.

    - <mark>CDNs</mark> rely on a process called `“caching”` that temporarily stores copies of files in data centers across the globe, *allowing you to access internet content from a `server near you`*.
    - Content delivered from a server closest to you reduces page load times and results in a faster, high-performance web experience. By caching content like web pages, images, and video in servers near your physical location.
    - **Example:** You could think of a CDN like an ATM. If your money were only available from one bank in town, you’d have to make a time-consuming trip and stand in a long line every time you wanted to withdraw cash. However, with a cash machine on practically every corner, you have fast and easy access to your money any time you need it.
- We can change the `class` name to add  css.
- *Classes* can be seperated by `space`.
- *Two words* are seperated by hyphen `-`.**Eg:** `text-center`
- **Equivalent**
    - `left`:`start`
    - `right`:`end`
- `positions`: arragement-elemnts,not very good with positions.
- `spacing`,`border`.
- `margin`: **m** margin top `mt`
    - limitiations exist
---
## Dev 
> **Developmnet tricks** Documentaions and Cheat Sheet!
***How to read it?***
`INTRO`=>`downloads`(how we should integrate)
`TYPOGRAPHY:`Text content.
`Utilities:` it tells how to *use and implement the code*!
=>***Browsing skills*** serah what you want `decoration bootrstrap @google`

> **kyc**:Know Your Customer
- This parthelps in recognition,verification and validation.
- Predfined work that will make the work easier
- Third part integration.
---

## NEW TAGS and BASICS,CLASSES
- `mark` is just *highlighting*.
- `!important` to override existing style.
---

## Why we use it?
- Easy existing styling
- Easy card designs,formatting,`componenets`.=>**accordion!!** Exploreit! 
- **Nav bar** used for navigation,in `components`.
---

## REQUIREMENTS-ZOMATO!

- Input box
    - Drop down
- Nav bar
- Cards
- Accordion

---