## WEEK-3
---
### Shortcut and recap!

- `cmd` in path works too
- `!` shortcut for HTML structure
- `.` in th r fil ename says it's unsaved.
- In ***backend*** it is advised not to use **autosave**.
- *2nd link* in **downloads** is for corpus.
- Bootstarp is deleivered in through `CDN`,and each element is styled using **CDN**.   
---

### Grid system

- Layout management
- **2** Important class #bootstrap
    - conatiner(makes it ceneter)
    - container fluid
- Our screen is divided into 12 parts
- `Layout>Grid../Breakpoint`
---
### Break point and media query,responsiveness

- Responsive in phone and lap.
- `min-width` and `max-width`
- `row/col-size(media query)-toSize`

```
<div class="container">
    <div class="row">
        <div class="col-[breakpoint]-[size]">Content</div>
    </div>
</div>
```
- On the given `size` or higher it would chnage the column to that size.
- we use `min-width`
- we code for phone->large devices

|Breakpoints|Infix|Sixe(Dimension)|
|-----|----|----|
|Extra small|None|<576px|
|small|sm|>=576px|
|Medium|md|>=768px|
|Large|lg|>=992px|
|Extra Large|xl|>=1200px|
Extra Extra Large| xxl|>=1400px|

---

### js

- Event is an action.
- Fuctionality to web page
- To make web page dynamic
    - Without codinf itself we can change the content. 
- `DOM` - Document object model
- **Methods** are function.

##### data types

- `==` and `===`?
    - **==** is *loose equality*,it converts to same dtattype and checks
    - ***===*** is a *strict equality*,it compares both value and data type.
- Data types 
    - ***primitive***: fixed values(string,null,undefined,Boolean,number)
        - *`7`* primitive datatype.
    - ***Non-primitive***: array,obj,date
- **typeof** *keyword* is used to get type.
-  `var` is *old* and `let` is *new*
- `const` is used for constant declaraion
- `scope`: visiblity of a variable

<br>

###### primtive
- *js* runs from **top-bottom** thta's this *document flow*.
- varaible without values `undefined`.A varaible cna be emptied by asigning it to **undefined**.

- on varaible creation everything is created a space in RAM.
- **primitve methods** `do not` work on ***pass by ref***
```js []
a="abi"
a.toUpperCase()
console.log(a)
a=a.toUpperCase()
console.log(a)
```
- we can't chnage here

###### non-primtive
- we can change by `ref`
- we will use camel case for obj methods
- all non-primitves are ***pass by ref*** (say ID)
    - they are stored in `heap`.
    - ram has ***reference*** this reference points to **heap**.
---
### js objects

- unordered collection of properties
- they are stored as **key**,**value** pairs.
- everything is ***objects*** in **js** except *primitives*.
- **3-ways** to define *js object*
     - object literal
     - ***new*** keyword
     - using *object constructor*
- objects ar always ***pass by reference***
- `.` is use to acces `val` from `key`.
- `this` is for current obj.
- `property:value`
<br>
- `delete [property-name]`
- we can have nested obj
- ***Object function/method***
    - A method is a **function def stored as a propery value**

##### object lierals
- they are enclosed with `{` ,`}`
- they are stored as **key**,**value** pairs.
    - value can be `functions` too.

##### acessing 
> obj.propName

> obj["prpName"]

##### display
- if u just print it we get **[object bject]**
>Note:
You must use person[x] in the loop.

person.x will not work (Because x is the loop variable).

```js []
let text = "";
for (let x in person) {
  text += person[x] + " ";
};
```
---

### Error
- reference error and undefined error.
```js[]
console.log(a) #ref error
let a;
console.log(a) #undefined error
a=10;
```
- `Reference error`: No variable created with the name
- `Undefined error`:No value assigned.(By default **undefined**) 

---

### Callback

- function passed as param
- just use name **NOT** `()`,if we do the function get executed boiii.
- That is it is given as **argument**.
- They really work in asynchronus function
---
> JS is single threaded

### how a single thread handles multi threading?
- `Event loop` handles multithreading.
---
### Asynchronus

- Functions run in `parlell`
- famous is `setTimeout`
    - when to call that function
    - ``` setTimeout(fnunc,t) ```
- it is a function
- `t` is in milli-seconds(`ms`)
> Note
When you pass a function as an argument, remember not to use parenthesis.
Right: setTimeout(myFunction, 3000);
Wrong: setTimeout(myFunction(), 3000);
- hard to debug  **calback** in *asynchronus* hence use `promise` 
---
### Promise
- 

---

### closure
---
### Hoisiting
---

