### Truthy/falsy value
- condition based expression work on conditions
- we can category all statement into *true* and *false*
---
### splice() in array
- this can be used to modify array ***in place***
```js[]
array.splice(startIndex, deleteCount, item1, item2, ...);
```
- `arr.splice(index,1)`=> removes 1 elemnt from the starting `index`.
- **INSERTING** `arr.splice(2,0,"abi")`;
> **NOTE**:Don't work if the `index` is greater than `arr.length`.
> But instead if we do something like `arr[30]=100`,then *sparse* array wil be created.
---
### ARRAY and OBJECT
- array is used when we use similar kinda of data,single data of same kind.
    - ordered collection of values.
    - where we use **index** for acess.
    - can maintain *order*.
- where obj is used?
    - different data type
    - to get them as a ***key-value*** pair.
    - real-wrod entity
    - fast acess
    - related data with unique property.
- grouping related obj can be used in arrray.
---
### FOR LOOP
##### in
- works with ***key-value*** pairs
- they can also be used for arrays but which is not well recommended.
```
for(let key in obj){
    console.log(key,obj[key]);
}
for(let key in obj.hobbies){
    console.log(key,obj.hobbies[key]);
}
```
##### of
- iterates over value for iteratble.
- doesn't work over **obj**
```
for(let ele of ["abi","varsh","is","Mine"]){
    console.log(ele);
}
for(let ele of "hello abi"){
    console.log(ele);
}
```
---
### DOM
- **DOM**-Document object model
- There is a place where we can acess all of web content.
- `document` while printing it using **console.log**,what do we get?
    - returns full web page content.
- how js see's this?
    - it see's as a very big object(web content)
    - html and js is diff lang
    - to make it understand we convert them into **node**
- what we code for `html` is the *document*.
#### inner html/inner text?
- `innerHTML` can parse **tags**
- `innerText` won't parse html tags.

<br>

- how we get docemnt nodes is important too. 
- sometimes we get array(obj),also direct obj.
---
### console.log() and dir()
- `console.log` gives a *string represntation*=>***html represnation****
- `console.dir` gives expandable *obj represnattion*.=>***js obj properties***


---


### closure
- varaible can be `local` or `global`
- `local  variable` is a **private** variable def in func
- `global varaible` is a **public** varaible which can be acessed outside a fun.
     - all func can acess this global scope.
> ***`UNDECLARED VARAIBLES`*** ARE ALWAYS ***GLOBAL*** whether ity is used inside or oustide the function.

- **CLOSURE**:a function remebrs the varaible inside it for the outter scope,even after the function has finished executing.
- A function inside another function
- the function insde another function has it's own var,outter func varaible,glob varaible
```
function myCounter(){
    let count=0;
    return function(){
        count++;
        return count;
    }
}
let c=myCounter();
console.log(c());
console.log(c());
console.log(c());
```
- leight wight encapsulation.
- functional programming.
- mem efficent and follows singelton pattern.
---
### Hoisiting
- *Moving all the varaible declartion* to the ***top of the script/current scope***.
- 
---
### Promise
- 

---
### NOT:
- There is somthing called `debugger` .
> *any* on hover if do it for a function,then we can say the *function* **does't exist**

