##  BASIC OF HTML

- *How a browser works?* Browser runs the html,we have rendering engine.
- *How rendering engine works?* It scans the `tags` or `string` and works!
    -  Rendering engine is for *HMTL and css*
> When a browser renders a webpage, it takes the HTML code received from a server, parses it into a **Document Object Model (DOM) tree**, then combines that with the **parsed CSS styles (CSSOM)** to create a **"render tree"** which determines the layout of the page, and finally "paints" each element on the screen according to its calculated position and style, essentially translating the code into a visual display on the user's screen

- HTML Hypertext markup language
<br>
- **FRONTEND**:The front end of a website is the part of a website that users can see and interact with.What we experience. It is just for dispalying purposes.
- **BACKEND**:Its resposnsible for functionality.aka server-side. 
- What does the backend do? 
    - Stores and organizes data
    - Processes requests and generates responses.
- Type if tags:
     - `container` tag => *has opening and closing* ```<tag>......... <tag/>```
     - `stand-alone` tag
- case insensitive-HTML
- **Lorem** random words genrated
<br>
- `<br>`- break
- shortcut to comment: `ctrl+/`
<!-- - dsfndsofgkignge -->
-  `<pre>` tag preserves space and line breaks.
- `<i>` - italics
- `<b>` - bold
- **display**: block and inline
    - **Block:** It takes a seperate line.
    - **Inline:** Same line,doen't take own space.
- **listing**: `<ol>,<ul>`
    - ***OL***:Ordered listing
    - ***UL***:unordered listing
    - they create a space for Listing
    - this is a `block` level element.
<br>
> `ctrl+"space"` to autofill in attributes of tags. 
- Inputs? We will use `<form>`
    -  `<form>` is a container tag.
    - inline or block? it's a **block-level** element.
    - ***type***:text,number,date
    - ***placeholder***:to help user to understand. 
- `<table>` and `<form>` is famous for diaplying content and data filling by user(getting user info). 
- `<tag attrinute1="" attribute2="">` tags has attribute.

- `for` attribute for all tags
- `for` and `id` maps label to input. 

<br>

- **REQUIREMENTS**
    - center the heading
    - subheading
    - list of points
    - para abt urself and random
    - bio data form
---

## MERN STACK

- Client <----> Server <----> DB
- ***UI/UX***:User interface anmd user experience
-  client needs data which is provided by server from db.
- client can send data to server which will in return store it in db.
```(restaurant example:customer-servant-cook)```


---
